[Style guide] Grammar and Formatting (#9263)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/style-guide/grammar-and-formatting/symbols-in-UI-element-names.md

---
pcx_content_type: Concept
title: Symbols in UI Element Names
---

## Symbols in UI Element Names

### Icons or non-alphabetic characters

Button names and the labels of other UI elements may include icons or symbols that are not alphabetical or numerical. For example, a button named **+ Add element** starts with a plus sign.

> When writing these names or labels in procedural instructions, do not include these symbols. They're usually redundant and can be safely removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When writing these names or labels in procedural instructions, do not include these symbols. They are usually redundant and can be safely removed.
```

---
pcx_content_type: Concept
title: Symbols in UI Element Names
---

## Symbols in UI Element Names

### Icons or non-alphabetic characters

Button names and the labels of other UI elements may include icons or symbols that are not alphabetical or numerical. For example, a button named **+ Add element** starts with a plus sign.

When writing these names or labels in procedural instructions, do not include these symbols. They are usually redundant and can be safely removed.

Possible exceptions:

> + **The button has no text other than the symbol (For example, just "+")**. 
>     + Keep the symbol in the instructions.
> 
> + **The button has no text other than the symbol and the instructions are for the UI of a third-party product**.
>     + Keep the symbol in the instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**The button has no text other than the symbol (For example, just "+")**. 

    + Keep the symbol in the instructions.

**The button has no text other than the symbol and the instructions are for the UI of a third-party product**.

    + Keep the symbol in the instructions.
```
